README.md, before:

<img align="right" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/107434569?s=200&v=4" height="200" width="200" alt="Skoice logo">

# Skoice: Proximity Voice Chat<br>[![](https://img.shields.io/spiget/downloads/82861?style=flat&labelColor=697EC4&color=7289DA&label=Downloads)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/skoice-proximity-voice-chat.82861) [![](https://img.shields.io/spiget/rating/82861?style=flat&labelColor=697EC4&color=7289DA&label=Rating)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/skoice-proximity-voice-chat.82861) [![](https://img.shields.io/discord/741375523275407461.svg?style=flat&labelColor=697EC4&color=7289DA&label=Discord)](https://discord.gg/h3Tgccc)

Skoice allows players on a Minecraft server to communicate with each other by voice depending on their in-game location. In other words, they are only able to talk to nearby players.

The defining feature of our plugin is that it works with Discord. Therefore, users will not have to download any additional software in order to use the proximity voice chat.

Skoice is currently available in three languages: English, French and German.

## Download

To download our plugin, please [head to our Spigot page](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/skoice-proximity-voice-chat.82861). Consider leaving a review if you enjoy our work!

Skoice is supported on servers that run any Minecraft version from 1.8 to 1.20.

You can use Skoice on the following server software:
- Spigot (or derivative like Paper, [Purpur](https://purpurmc.org/downloads))
- Fabric (using [Cardboard](https://cardboardpowered.org/))
- Forge (using [Magma](https://magmafoundation.org/) or [Mohist](https://mohistmc.com/))

If your server allows Bedrock Edition players (with [Geyser](https://geysermc.org/) for example), they can use Skoice just like Java players.

## Installation

Once you have downloaded our plugin, simply drop the file in the `plugins` folder of your Minecraft server and start it. Join the server with an account that has operator privileges and follow the instructions that are sent to you.

## Commands

### Minecraft

- `/skoice configure`: Get instructions to begin the configuration process (requires operator privileges).
- `/skoice tooltips`: Toggle interactive messages, useful on Bedrock Edition or when tooltips are disabled in Minecraft settings (requires operator privileges).
- `/skoice token <token>`: Link a Discord bot to your Minecraft server (requires operator privileges).
- `/skoice link <code>`: Link your Minecraft account to Discord.
- `/skoice unlink`: Unlink your Minecraft account from Discord.

### Discord

- `/configure`: Modify settings (requires Manage Server permission).
- `/link`: Get a code to link your Discord account to Minecraft.
- `/unlink`: Unlink your Discord account from Minecraft.
- `/invite`: Get external links related to Skoice.

## Getting Help

If you are experiencing any issues with Skoice, you may want to [join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/h3Tgccc).

## Donating

Keep in mind that Skoice is a free software. If you like it, you can help us by [donating](https://opencollective.com/skoice).

Commit message:

Update language list, redirect to Crowdin

README.md, after:

<img align="right" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/107434569?s=200&v=4" height="200" width="200" alt="Skoice logo">

# Skoice: Proximity Voice Chat<br>[![](https://img.shields.io/spiget/downloads/82861?style=flat&labelColor=697EC4&color=7289DA&label=Downloads)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/skoice-proximity-voice-chat.82861) [![](https://img.shields.io/spiget/rating/82861?style=flat&labelColor=697EC4&color=7289DA&label=Rating)](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/skoice-proximity-voice-chat.82861) [![](https://img.shields.io/discord/741375523275407461.svg?style=flat&labelColor=697EC4&color=7289DA&label=Discord)](https://discord.gg/h3Tgccc)

Skoice allows players on a Minecraft server to communicate with each other by voice depending on their in-game location. In other words, they are only able to talk to nearby players.

The defining feature of our plugin is that it works with Discord. Therefore, users will not have to download any additional software in order to use the proximity voice chat.

Skoice is currently available in the following languages: English, Danish, German, Spanish, French, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese and Russian.
You can help us translate Skoice into other languages by [joining Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/skoice).

## Download

To download our plugin, please [head to our Spigot page](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/skoice-proximity-voice-chat.82861). Consider leaving a review if you enjoy our work!

Skoice is supported on servers that run any Minecraft version from 1.8 to 1.20.

You can use Skoice on the following server software:
- Spigot (or derivative like Paper, [Purpur](https://purpurmc.org/downloads))
- Fabric (using [Cardboard](https://cardboardpowered.org/))
- Forge (using [Magma](https://magmafoundation.org/) or [Mohist](https://mohistmc.com/))

If your server allows Bedrock Edition players (with [Geyser](https://geysermc.org/) for example), they can use Skoice just like Java players.

## Installation

Once you have downloaded our plugin, simply drop the file in the `plugins` folder of your Minecraft server and start it. Join the server with an account that has operator privileges and follow the instructions that are sent to you.

## Commands

### Minecraft

- `/skoice configure`: Get instructions to begin the configuration process (requires operator privileges).
- `/skoice tooltips`: Toggle interactive messages, useful on Bedrock Edition or when tooltips are disabled in Minecraft settings (requires operator privileges).
- `/skoice token <token>`: Link a Discord bot to your Minecraft server (requires operator privileges).
- `/skoice link <code>`: Link your Minecraft account to Discord.
- `/skoice unlink`: Unlink your Minecraft account from Discord.

### Discord

- `/configure`: Modify settings (requires Manage Server permission).
- `/link`: Get a code to link your Discord account to Minecraft.
- `/unlink`: Unlink your Discord account from Minecraft.
- `/invite`: Get external links related to Skoice.

## Getting Help

If you are experiencing any issues with Skoice, you may want to [join our Discord server](https://discord.gg/h3Tgccc).

## Donating

Keep in mind that Skoice is a free software. If you like it, you can help us by [donating](https://opencollective.com/skoice).
